Fixing feedback (#48)
OpenLiberty/draft-guide-arquillian-managed: README.adoc

`\http://localhost:9080/arquillian-managed/` base URL for this web service.
The annotation provides the host name, port number and web archive
information for this service, so you don't need to hardcode these values

> in the test case. The `arquillian-managed` WAR name comes

Reviewer: Are we talking about the `arquillian-managed` in the URL?  If so, we can refer to that directly?  And, indicate that that part of the URL is from the WAR name defined for the web archive?

Author: Fixed

> in the test case. The `arquillian-managed` WAR name in the URL comes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the test case. The `arquillian-managed` path in the URL comes
```

from the WAR name you specified when you created the web archive in the
[hotspot=36-41]`@Deployment` method.

> It's needed  when the `inventory` service communicates

Reviewer: Extra space between 'needed' and 'when'?  A nit.

Author: Fixed
